readme.md, before:

# Company admin

> Filling annual returns (through [ACRA](https://www.acra.gov.sg/home/)) and tax (through [IRAS](https://www.iras.gov.sg/irashome/default.aspx)) for Singapore based small company.

## Pre-requisite

This documentation only contains the steps for a small [Solvent Exempt Private Companies (EPCs)](https://www.acra.gov.sg/xbrl-filing-and-resources/who-needs-to-file-financial-statements) which are exempt from filing financial statements. 

## Yearly tasks

- [ ] **[Internal](internal.md)** on 31 Jan
    - Calculate Revenue, Expense and Gross profit / loss for the previous year
- [ ] **[IRAS](iras.md)** on 15 Nov
    - File Form CS online with IRAS
- [ ] **[ACRA](acra.md)** on 15 Nov
    - File AGM / Annual Filling with ACRA

## Important numbers

- Bank account
- Company ID / UEN

## Check company compliance

Check company compliance status on [BizFile](http://www.bizfile.gov.sg) anytime with company UEN.

## Definitions

1. **Small EPC**: EPC with annual revenue up to S$5 million or less for financial years
2. **ECI**: Estimated Chargeable Income
3. **ACRA** affairs:
    - AGM (Annual General Meeting)
    - AR (Annual Returns)
4. **IRAS** affairs:
   - Income Tax Return

Commit message:

docs: add link to exemption criteria

readme.md, after:

# Company admin

> Filling annual returns (through [ACRA](https://www.acra.gov.sg/home/)) and tax (through [IRAS](https://www.iras.gov.sg/irashome/default.aspx)) for Singapore based small company.

## Pre-requisite

This documentation only contains the steps for a small [Solvent Exempt Private Companies (EPCs)](https://www.acra.gov.sg/xbrl-filing-and-resources/who-needs-to-file-financial-statements) which are exempt from filing financial statements. Check details on the [qualification criteria for exemption of audited accounts](https://www.acra.gov.sg/legislation/legislative-reform/companies-act-reform/companies-amendment-act-2014/two-phase-implementation-of-companies-amendment-act-2014/more-details-on-small-company-concept-for-audit-exemption).

## Yearly tasks

- [ ] **[Internal](internal.md)** on 31 Jan
    - Calculate Revenue, Expense and Gross profit / loss for the previous year
- [ ] **[IRAS](iras.md)** on 15 Nov
    - File Form CS online with IRAS
- [ ] **[ACRA](acra.md)** on 15 Nov
    - File AGM / Annual Filling with ACRA

## Important numbers

- Bank account
- Company ID / UEN

## Check company compliance

Check company compliance status on [BizFile](http://www.bizfile.gov.sg) anytime with company UEN.

## Definitions

1. **Small EPC**: EPC with annual revenue up to S$5 million or less for financial years
2. **ECI**: Estimated Chargeable Income
3. **ACRA** affairs:
    - AGM (Annual General Meeting)
    - AR (Annual Returns)
4. **IRAS** affairs:
   - Income Tax Return
